It's like when you are inside and its so warm and you know its so awful out, you can't even open the curtains, you can hear the rain before you can see it, or sometimes you can just feel the cold before you can see what is like outside, you just stay in, you feel the dred from outside comes through the wall, its like the rain starts to come inside and grey. Every shade of grey, it like anxiety for me of reading it, when it gets very gross outside I don't want to leave the house, but I usually have stuff to do so I have to go out to do that but I don't want to, I hate the rain I would rather walk on the snow then the rain.

Sometimes I feel like really excited about it, when its inside and its raining outside, it almost feels like if time kind of stop, I need to do all the things that I usually do, because its raining, I don't have to get outside. So I get to this calm and excited feeling how I am going to spend this day, I am imagine that I'm gonna do this things that I never do. If I have to go to work or something, like I have to, I feel sad. Sometimes I works harder, its like a nicer energy, I feel like the energy when it is raining, it can be sometimes nice, but sometimes when it rains too much, then sometimes I really want the sun, but when the sun is out, you have no excuses, you have to do things, but then I feel wanna to go out for dinner, but it is raining I would be I don't really want to.



It feels like Michigan, it is a very cold spring, in April it was cold still, in May it snows, It just like really really cold all the time, snow like 5 inches, very cold, very overcast, no sun ever, and summer is just like right away.

Contradictory feeling, because I don't feel bleak at all because it is Spring. The idea of Spring makes me think that things are going to grow again, or like nice things are going to happen soon. Because I have always had this idea that summer is the best things happen and spring is before summer, thinking the bleak spring sounds very contradictory, like if you tell me this bleak fall, then yeah. But I also referring a lot of whether that associate the word, where I grow up, spring is always warmer, and spring is before summer, and summer is the happiest thing. So thinking about this being bleak is like no this can not happen.

Its like that color, its yellow green but it has no saturation, muted, yellow green, like you are waiting for all you flowers to bloom but they never did, its just like that ugly color.



Cold, shivering, smooth, indoor, windows, bedroom, blanket, its like when you sleep, then you have your window open, and the wind comes in but you didn't pup enough blanket. its like unprepared, you want to leave, it is not comfortable, it is too cold.
For some reasons I also think of forest outside the window. And the foredawn, sounds for like nature, not like buildings
Silk is bad, when its cold silk gets cold, its not like cotton, silk actually makes you colder
I wanna leave, I wanna go away from
that time is emotional, you are waiting for sunrise, you don't want to keep longing, just leave

Not sure I totally understand it, but, makes me think of literally being cold, makes me think of winter, makes me think of during, like mental, it makes me think of thoughts that so emotionally draining that I can't, I have to let them go in someway because it is not sustainable, like dwelling on these ideas that are important and are vague feel psychologically but are draining physically, if you think about it too much, or for too long, or in the wrong eye sight. In this particular sentence, My silk, to me it is like my body versus the chills in my thoughts. Not necessary get away from it, just that kind of, because I'm a very internal person, just in my head a lot, sometimes that overthinking and philosophising and trying to figure things out, it takes a toll on you physically, so you need to like, ok, you need to like go with it, or find a different way of deal with it. Because it is just like bringing you down to the point where you just like different to function.

I see a lake house, it gives when we are in ITP, we don't even have a thought of travelling in our mind, there is no nature, in every day right now. And after we finish ITP we would be like wow we have been stuck in this bubble for so long. Because we all know what is the world outside, we came from the world to here, closed society here, we did not forget the world out side, we still know it, but not the same, when you have the deadline in you mind, it is not the same.



very nice, very happy, I don't really have a story that works with this one. Blues and yellows just bright color, just sounds general happiness, peace is like the greatest thing and joy is just happiness, so it is something that we are all striving for, its very nice, am i really have for that one.  Something is hard to picture, what everyone really wants deep down.

Sea breeze, food, good food, warm, just, warm air. Sometimes it feels like you are in a beautiful setting that is winter, its pretty, but generally no. Or that feeling, wafting, wafting means that feeling from head to toe, or just ahh release, suddenly you just something you were very nervous about you just let go, like a lightness of being, being just like, yeah, that release of anxiety kind of, like a river go through, you can feel it from head to toes, total release of your body, like the one of the best feelings in the world. Sometimes even when the school is done, or like it also makes me think of in relationships, if there is sort of miscommunications, and you are like waiting to hear from this person and you are not sure exactly and this terrible feeling in you body and finally you hear from them and its like ohhhhh ok. Or just those moments where there is something beautiful and relax you suddenly become aware that this is very nice I'm so relaxed right now.

It reminds me of the moments, for sometime you have moments, for a split seconds, you feel satisfied and happy where you are, I get that I have great feeling, like I'm here in ITP I can do so many things its very exciting, so many opportunities. But it just feel like a few minutes, and then something happens.



I think of window and raining and looking through the window.

This makes me think of being in my room, like probably in my mid-20s when I lived in New York, and being in my room and being alone at like 3 in the morning, haha, Sober, and like feeling that I don't know what the hell am I doing, where my future will hold, am I taking the wrong path, just makes me feel like those moments you just questioned every thing, because you focus on the big questions rather than the little things in front of you. It just there is like a all consuming feelings, feels very, the color of this is the color of the room at the time, they had this like, there is this orange fabric I put over, because its ugly, so I think of this yellowy orange, but much different then sunset, like 3 in the morning, just in my room, probably reading something, just getting darker and darker and further and further in my mind and can't get out of those thoughts. I'm sure, well I hope every one can go through it, even though it takes to you bad places, like it could be saying to me, like its very necessary, to gaze, alone.



I don't know. Sounds like something in Shakespeare, like old english writing.

If I open my eyes, its like a nice emotion. I could actually, like in a forest with a lot of rivers, I feel that it is also something that comes to your mind when you discover something new and you feel your brain is open. Its like branching out, I get that feeling when I learn something new, its actually a really good feeling, I can see a painting in a wall. Its like stars keep opening, opening opening up, if you keep learning stuff and you keep discovering the world I feel that be like opening and opening even more.

I think of foot field by the forest in my high school, we used to play football every week, there is river goes there, and I think of the green color, the football field is down the hill the river is going on the left side, so we would play a little bit and run to the river and then run back, there is a forest in the background.




hesitation, maybe I want to say something but I didn't say it or I didn't do it, this is like to remind myself, its now or never,  a feeling of like two people walking, pass with each other, and then its gone, that moment you should say something. Think of two dots, top to bottom and bottom to top, its only a moment that they meet. They won't meet again, even if they meet again it wont be the same moment then.  maybe they won't meet again. hard to meet that moment again. Feel very fast, if you capture it or not.




garden and lake, like a lot of flowers, very healthy looking nature, like green and orange, a lot of movements going on, its not static, its actually really windy, flowers going everywhere, a bunch of butterfly? the grass, it feel really open, happy and free, rainbow? its feel like you are in a hurry, this state doesn't stay for a long time. Its not constant, this is the moment we will go away. Its not usually goes on all the time. there is nobody, no people, mostly nature and me.

Its like a field with like a stream, with flower paddle just flying everywhere. It reminds me of when I went to Mont Shasta in California. My friend has a cabin, we used to go up there when I was in California like in Spring in Summer, we just hang out there, he has a giant, 300 arches that we just wondered around, he has a field with a bunch of flowers, they have a stream. Summer time or Spring, its like really windy and flowers flying everywhere. Happy feeling that something I enjoyed. Was like getting away from living in the city and going to a place in a middle of nowhere. no cellphone acceptation, being in the nature, disconnected.




1950s americana, rock belie pink winctic in the back, like the things in the back seat, people exclaim but no one says it anymore. heaven is a weird thing, I went to a catholic school for 13 year but I am not religious, my family are not, I grow up in a pretty liberal place. Even though I don't believe in god for a long time but I still assume there is a heaven and hell, the idea of heaven and hell is just a part of any other religions, I could not believe in god but still believe in heaven and hell, I have to train myself that this is what happened when I am dead, I don't believe in heaven or hell.

It makes me think of beaches, it makes me think of be with people I really love, yeah, natural beauty, places in the world that I traveled, take my breath away, sunset for sure, very worldly thing, I guess because I'm not a very religious person, I don't think of beauty on. I think of the world rather then anything spiritual. It makes me think of red and orange, those sunset color, like really really bright and pink. The color of sunset actually.

I think that when people come to understand what they are doing in their lives and understand who they want to spend their lives with. Coming to a realisation of where they are, its like heaven, because it feels like complete.




morning frost, the leaves still have some frost on them, when the sun rise it just gonna melt everything a tiny bit. Sometimes there is this time in life, when you are having a jet leg and you find yourself woke up in like 4 or 5 in the morning, no one else is there, especially in summer because the sun always rise a little bit earlier, kind of moment when you are awake but the world around you hasn't awake yet. Especially when you are out in the nature, that's pretty peaceful and joyful. I remember one time in high school, I had a mini van, a bunch of us, we were not even doing something crazy, we just decided to do a sleep over in my mini van, so we just told each other we are staying over at different front house, we did not really plan except for drive around the city all night and just sleep in the back in the van and then go home in the morning. We did that but no one can fall asleep because there is no space, everybody just keep waking up, I think I remember that I woke up at 5 in the morning freezing. Its a funny night.

I just I just thinking being in a field, you know that back home we have this big open field. There is the mist of that cold feeling even though it might be a warm day.




My mom doesn't have any brothers or sisters, she has a lot of cousin, every year, but she some how got where distance with them so we wouldn't meet them very often, but there would be one cousin that would come every year to visit. He wasn't very close, they used to call each other, in Lithuania, there is halloween, because everyone here is catholic, there is a All Saints day, he would come on the same day every year, on the same day we go to visit the cemetery, the cemetery is where everyone is buried, so every year you would go there you leave candles and flowers, so he would come every year on the same date and we would come tougher to the cemetery. Like I have't been home, haven't live with my parents for 9 years now, but I would still call my mom every year to say if he came this year. He still comes.

Its a character that showing up, and you expect them to be there, it can be a person, can be an animal, imaginary friend. When I am a guest, being in a new place, I feel like people examine me, they try to see who is in front of them, they try to see if, when I am a guest and I don't know anyone in the new place, I will probably talk to people and try to see how I could be fit in a group of people where I don't know anyone in there.

One of the things comes to mind, I sort of always being uncomfortable, being a visitor, or like a guest, I don't feel totally open. You know like when you go to somebody's house and they offer you something and you say no, even though you want it, and then its like they are offering, I never feel like a person will take something that they offer, but then they leave it there and they walk away and I will take it from there. But sometimes its like guest, sounds like, you know like guest in the hotel its treated very nicely, you can pretend to be somebody else. You are kind of like a different side of you, like when you are walking around the hotel and restaurant you are like ohhh people are taking care of me.




very UN, feels very innocent, a child playing in a not crowded play ground, sliders and swings, a child between 5-10, happy age, smiling, his mum is just sitting, watching him play. Late afternoon, after school, not a lot of people but not just him. Spring time, not too hot, not too cold. The sky is still yellow but not too bright. Its a feeling of him playing and laughing. I see either him on the swing, or on a slider coming down, the hair is blowing. My little cousin, going on the slider, playing in the park.

christmas, it sounds so banal to me, boring and basic, such a simplex way, unachievable, utopia, everything is perfect to a singular viewpoint, one person's utopia can be another persons dystopia. Its too a simplistic way of thinking, if we were at a place where everybody is at peace with one another, without any conflicts, the idea is that a singular utopia that everyone would agree to is the best way but it is never gonna happen.  Maybe with my family, I definitely feel that a serenity air peace, like I am part of something larger than myself, or it is like a lot of history just knowing me the whole life, so sometimes there is a peaceful comes from there.

What we all want in our life. This makes me think a really good combination, its like two words you can always say to someone and you can like smile, because peace and joy you feel like secure in the place. Depends on what time that I feel that sometimes they are very close to me but then sometime they just starting to going away from me and I need to bring them back. There are moments that I felt peaceful and joyful, and me because of who I am, I can feel peaceful during the day and then night I can not feel it anymore. And there is also like this idea of being peaceful and joyful, not having emotions that changing that much and you can also live like that, but I do feel that this is something that sometimes you feel really close and sometimes you feel very far but it is something you need to keep close to you, yeah, all the time.

think about the church and siting in the church, in the silence. No its not me alone in the church, there can be people, there can be people, but, I always, I go to the church on Sunday, and I always have the joy in there, its a nice beginning of the week and the end of the beginning of the week, it has the peaceful and joyful. No usually (this feeling would not going away in the week) It depends on what happened during the week, sometimes, in Lithuania I used to go to sometimes in the middle of the week sit for a bit, just sat there, and then go, just to recharge myself. But, it goes lower toward the end of the week. and sometimes I don't to go, but sometimes I go and I feel everything is fine, yeah.

I think of like grass, fields and flowers, and people laughing, being by the water, waves and things like that. Peace is like when the time I was in California by the coast, or even like upstate when there is like a river or something, and the air is so fresh when there is like the trees, and actually, I guess its just like when you realise that wow its so loud in the city and then you just heard kind of nothing, you just hear like grass rustling and very fresh. But joy, I guess I get joy from that too but also when people are nice to each other, and yeah.




bad paintings, very boring paintings, boring painting lilies and lotus flower against the water, they are not bad, landscape portrait, its pretty but it is not telling me anything, usually is very literal, monet painting, pink flowers, lili pads, lakes and ponds, it also reminds me of a wedding for some reason, the flower girl she is walking forward and throwing the flower in air, paddles more than the flowers itself. I guess is also because the valentines days that the paddles on the paddler seems to be a pain in the ass to clean out.




I think about sound. The first thing I picture myself is lost in the jungle, or in the forest something, as soon as I hear the water falls, it starts to make me feel I'm safe, because it makes me feel like I'm near somewhere that has water, I don't know why. I visualise the water keep running, like some tiny wood branches next to the stream. I imaging branches are falling. I think a lot about the sound. It makes me think of a lot of my childhood. I remember having a lot of tours that you had in schools, like my high school, once or twice of the week we will have classes in these places that are part of the school but a more natural place, I remember in one of this, at the corner, there is this small one, that you can always hear its sound.

Peace, sometimes it came to the otters side that stress me out, my mum always keeps the water from the faucet running. I always like mum turn it off, you are not using the water, I don't know why that bothering me. Other than that I feel like I want to pee.




This makes me think of my grandmother, she is very mobile and young and hard, but whenever she is on the stairs she is always full grip to the rail.

