
Yoyre the sweetest candything in all of theuniverse. Sprinkles odf sugar on my tasters. 
No sir. 
ft.; arw so polite) 

A baby and a half donzen of babies  

vvnars nappening is I am utterly fucked. Not even a little bit. A fucking lot. Like two bottles of vodka fucked. I'm dictating this to my sober Chinese friend who works in the takeaway. And he has a strange face 

Whoever you are, your friend is so drunk. I finish my shift at 1 o'clock and I'm taking him home. I think you should tell him to go to some sort of meeting, he's an alcoholic without a doubt. He is also dressed as a wolf. He tried to pee in a chow mein and is chatting to himself. You need to talk to him urgently. 

Drunk thoughts: what if instead of invoking earth, air, fire, and water we instead invoked all of the elements on the periodic table individually? NERD WICCA 
Hail spirits of Argon! Of the noblest of gases! Join us in our circle and witness our rites! Lend us your lack of energy and inability to affect chemical reactions in most circumstances! *rings bell 18 times for atomic number* 

Drunk thoughts: what if instead of invoking earth, air, fire, and water we instead invoked all of the elements on the periodic table individually? NERD WICCA 
Hail spirits of Argon! Of the noblest of gases! Join us in our circle and witness our rites! Lend us your lack of energy and inability to affect chemical reactions in most circumstances! *rings bell 18 times for atomic number* 

Let us sext) 
LOp0000h) 
I wanna goose 
Mallard me 
Swan my button 
Poop

l lobe you soo much sweetie LTina says hi 
were at the Olvie Garden! 2-4-1 chardinay! 
Drink some water Mom. 
I'm so happy i decided to keep you. 
Me too

E u b inG gopod?
11$m goods I'm a liL drinmk
male a qisH
ilm$ havi FUM
LUr hcing fum 222000

I'm going to impregnate your liver with my kids 
ihats all i ever hoped and dreamed for 

I'm already finished 

Finish the night 
I wanna be with you 
I just wanna be with you 
I will discount 25% anything we advertise 
Lmao what ? 
Sherry so berrys 
Hahah just take me in please I will come over 
You have to promise not to sue 
I have no superstars 
Are you kidding 
Can you say hello 
Just an fyi I love you your the nicest person ever its nice to know good people 

In nor that swing a
Come
Her are you come
Plz
Plz
Plz

